kid
How can you catch my dragon gripper?
No way. It's impossible.
It is rumored that the flying dragon grappling hand of Yingxianmen moves quickly
Hundreds of moves can be made in a second
99 of them are false
Only one move is fatal
10 strokes can be accepted without being biased or moving
Hasn't his inner space recovered yet?
Why so tyrannical
Not a waiter
Why did you deliberately steal the old man's kung fu?
Didn't you just demonstrate this yourself?
I don't know what tricks this handsome guy has
Chiyang Zhenren's moves
It's impossible for him to see
Such a complex move
How can you learn it after reading it once?
My master and I have been learning for more than ten years and have been mixed for two successful years
You can see it at a glance
You take me for a fool.
Ozawa
Don't you have original kung fu in Tianyuanmen?
Cut tricks oops
Brother, hold on!
It will be fine soon.
Clients steal my moves
Impossible to lose to you thief
Dragon Ball can not only absorb Xuanmen Dao
Even moves can be completely compounded
It's such a confrontation
A tie at most
No, we must win